

Explore the vast knowledge of Wikipedia through these helpful resources. If you have a specific topic in mind, use Wikipedia's search box. If you don't know exactly what you are looking for or wish to explore broad areas, click on a link in the header menu at the top of this page, or begin your browsing below:

Wikipedia organizes its content into distinct subject classifications, each with further subdivisions.

Explore the diverse cultures, arts, beliefs, and customs of human societies.

Discover the wonders of Earth's lands, features, inhabitants, and planetary phenomena.

Learn about physical, mental, and social well-being.

Dive into the past through written records and scholarly exploration.

Explore chronological events through our comprehensive timelines.

Stay up-to-date with encyclopedia entries covering ongoing events.

Delve into diverse human actions, from leisure and entertainment to industry and warfare.

Explore the study of quantity, structure, space, and change.

Understand natural phenomena through empirical evidence, observations, and experiments.

Learn about collective entities, ethnic groups, and nations.

Dive deep into fundamental questions about existence, knowledge, values, and more.

Access comprehensive information collections compiled for easy retrieval.

Refer to various third-party classification systems linked to Wikipedia articles.

Access sources on specific topics for further reading or verification.

Explore social-cultural systems, beliefs, ethics, and more.

Understand collectives, social interactions, political authority, and cultural norms.

Learn about techniques, skills, methods, and processes in technology and science.

Get summaries of broad topics with links to subtopics, biographies, and related articles.

Explore topics in outline format, linking to more detailed articles.

Find enumerations of specific types, such as lists of countries and people.

Access featured articles, images, news, and more through thematic portals.

Access lists of terms with definitions through alphabetical glossaries.

Browse Wikipedia's category pages, which index articles by subject.

Explore subjects that demand high-quality articles, grouped by importance.

Discover Wikipedia's best, reviewed and vetted for quality.

Explore well-written, factually accurate articles that meet editorial standards.

Listen to Wikipedia articles as spoken word recordings.

Browse Wikipedia's articles alphabetically.

Topics

Types

Places, people and times

Indices



Bob Mann (April 8, 1924 – October 21, 2006) was an American professional football player in the National Football League (NFL) who broke the color barrier for both the Detroit Lions (alongside Mel Groomes) and the Green Bay Packers. He played college football at Hampton Institute in 1942 and 1943 and at the University of Michigan in 1944, 1946 and 1947. Playing the end position, he broke the Big Ten Conference record for receiving yards in 1946 and 1947. In 1948 Mann signed a professional contract with the Lions, where he stayed for two seasons. He led the NFL in receiving yards in 1949. After a brief stint with the New York Yanks he signed with the Packers, where he was the team's leading receiver in 1951. He remained with the Packers partway through the 1954 season. Mann later became a lawyer and practiced in Detroit. He was inducted into the Green Bay Packers Hall of Fame in 1988 and the Michigan Sports Hall of Fame in 2016. (Full article...)

April 8

Johann Pachelbel's Canon in D major has been credited with inspiring a significant number of pop songs since the 1960s. After the mid-Baroque era piece was revived from obscurity in the 1960s, its chord progression, bassline, and melodic structure were reproduced in a number of contemporary pop songs, a phenomenon attributed to the memorability and simplicity of the work as well as renewed interest in it. While Pachelbel's Canon itself is not a staple of pop music, it shares common roots with other, more significant chord progressions that lay the foundations of modern pop music. Its perceived ubiquity is itself an object of cultural discussion. (Full list...)

Nithya Menen (born 8 April 1990) is an Indian actress and singer who works primarily in Malayalam, Tamil and Telugu films. After appearing in roles in 1998 and 2006 as a child actress, her first lead role was in the Malayalam film Aakasha Gopuram, which was released in 2008. Her debut in leading roles in Telugu and Tamil films were Ala Modalaindi (2011) and Nootrenbadhu (2011). Her Hindi debut was Mission Mangal (2019). As of 2024, Menen has appeared in more than 50 films and has appeared in several lists of top actresses compiled by Rediff.com and Forbes India. This portrait photograph of Menen was taken in 2023.

Photograph credit: Augustus Binu
Wikipedia is written by volunteer editors and hosted by the Wikimedia Foundation, a non-profit organization that also hosts a range of other volunteer projects:

This Wikipedia is written in English. Many other Wikipedias are available; some of the largest are listed below.



